README.md, before:

# SunFounder 3in1 Kit
This repository is for SunFounder 3in1 Kit. you can buy it on [our website](https://www.sunfounder.com/), or search sunfounder in Amazon.

Quick Links:

 * [About this kit](#about_this_kit)
 * [Update](#update)
 * [Trouble Shootings](#trouble)
 * [About SunFounder](#about_sunfounder)
 * [License](#license)
 * [Contact us](#contact_us)

<a id="about_this_kit"></a>
## About this kit:

In the 3-in-1 starter kit, you will find a complete Arduino course to help beginners learn Arduino, as well as a wide variety of interesting projects that other learning kits do not offer, such as smart car projects and IoT projects. You will master Arduino as long as you follow the kit's course step by step, instead of just copying and pasting code, you will write your own code and implement your Arduino project however you like.


<a id="update"></a>
## Update:

2023-09-11:
- Add the links of components
- Add a language translation file


2023-09-07:
- Added .yaml file
- Modified Requirement.txt and conf.py files
- Updated the tutorial for installing libraries on Arduino
- Code modification and analysis for a project involving libraries.
 

2022-06-30:
 - New Release

<a id="trouble"></a>
## Trouble Shootings:

<a id="about_sunfounder"></a>
## About SunFounder
SunFounder is a company focused on STEAM education with products like open source robots, development boards, STEAM kit, modules, tools and other smart devices distributed globally. In SunFounder, we strive to help elementary and middle school students as well as hobbyists, through STEAM education, strengthen their hands-on practices and problem-solving abilities. In this way, we hope to disseminate knowledge and provide skill training in a full-of-joy way, thus fostering your interest in programming and making, and exposing you to a fascinating world of science and engineering. To embrace the future of artificial intelligence, it is urgent and meaningful to learn abundant STEAM knowledge.

<a id="license"></a>
## License
This is the code for SunFounder 3in1 Kit.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied wa rranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

3in1-kit comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details run ./show w. This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions; run ./show c for details.

SunFounder, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program '3in1-kit' (which makes passes at compilers).

Mike Huang, 21 August 2015

Mike Huang, Chief Executive Officer

Email: service@sunfounder.com

<a id="contact_us"></a>
## Contact us:
website:
    www.sunfounder.com

E-mail:
    service@sunfounder.com

Commit message:

Replace part of the project code link

README.md, after:

# SunFounder 3in1 Kit
This repository is for SunFounder 3in1 Kit. you can buy it on [our website](https://www.sunfounder.com/), or search sunfounder in Amazon.

Quick Links:

 * [About this kit](#about_this_kit)
 * [Update](#update)
 * [Trouble Shootings](#trouble)
 * [About SunFounder](#about_sunfounder)
 * [License](#license)
 * [Contact us](#contact_us)

<a id="about_this_kit"></a>
## About this kit:

In the 3-in-1 starter kit, you will find a complete Arduino course to help beginners learn Arduino, as well as a wide variety of interesting projects that other learning kits do not offer, such as smart car projects and IoT projects. You will master Arduino as long as you follow the kit's course step by step, instead of just copying and pasting code, you will write your own code and implement your Arduino project however you like.


<a id="update"></a>
## Update:
2023-09-19:
- Replace part of the project code link
- button introduction picture replacement
- ar_serial_monitor file, println() link replacement
- iot_current_limiting_gate file, remove the link to the component introduction under the circuit diagram
- 7_avoid2 file, change the serial number at the bottom.

2023-09-11:
- Add the links of components
- Add a language translation file


2023-09-07:
- Added .yaml file
- Modified Requirement.txt and conf.py files
- Updated the tutorial for installing libraries on Arduino
- Code modification and analysis for a project involving libraries.
 

2022-06-30:
 - New Release

<a id="trouble"></a>
## Trouble Shootings:

<a id="about_sunfounder"></a>
## About SunFounder
SunFounder is a company focused on STEAM education with products like open source robots, development boards, STEAM kit, modules, tools and other smart devices distributed globally. In SunFounder, we strive to help elementary and middle school students as well as hobbyists, through STEAM education, strengthen their hands-on practices and problem-solving abilities. In this way, we hope to disseminate knowledge and provide skill training in a full-of-joy way, thus fostering your interest in programming and making, and exposing you to a fascinating world of science and engineering. To embrace the future of artificial intelligence, it is urgent and meaningful to learn abundant STEAM knowledge.

<a id="license"></a>
## License
This is the code for SunFounder 3in1 Kit.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied wa rranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

3in1-kit comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details run ./show w. This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions; run ./show c for details.

SunFounder, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program '3in1-kit' (which makes passes at compilers).

Mike Huang, 21 August 2015

Mike Huang, Chief Executive Officer

Email: service@sunfounder.com

<a id="contact_us"></a>
## Contact us:
website:
    www.sunfounder.com

E-mail:
    service@sunfounder.com
