docs/source/iot_project/blynk_start/iot_blynk_config.rst, before:

1.1 Configuring the Blynk
-----------------------------------


#. Go to the `BLYNK <https://blynk.io/>`_ and click **START FREE**. 

    .. image:: img/sp220607_142551.png

#. Fill in your email address to register an account.

    .. image:: img/sp220607_142807.png

#. Go to your email address to complete your account registration.

    .. image:: img/sp220607_142936.png

#. Afterwards, **Blynk Tour** will appear and you can read it to learn the basic information about the Blynk.

    .. image:: img/sp220607_143244.png

#. Next we need to create a template and device with this **Quick Start**, click **Let's go**.


    .. image:: img/sp220607_143608.png

#. Select the hardware and connection type.

    .. image:: img/sp20220614173218.png

#. Here you are told which IDE you need to prepare, we recommend the **Arduino IDE**.

    .. image:: img/sp20220614173454.png

#. Here is the library you need to add, but the recommended library here is a bit problematic, we need to add other libraries manually (we will mention it later). Click **Next** here, and a new template and device will be created.

    .. image:: img/sp20220614173629.png

#. The next steps are to upload the relevant code and connect your board to Blynk, but since there is a problem with the library provided earlier, you need to add other libraries again. So click **Cancel** here to stop **Quick Start**.

    .. image:: img/sp20220614174006.png

#. Click the **Search** button and you will see the new device you just created.

    .. image:: img/sp20220614174410.png

#. Go to this **Quickstart Device** and you will see ``TEMPLATE_ID``, ``DEVICE_NAME`` and ``AUTH_TOKEN`` on the **Device info** page, and you will need to copy them later.


    .. image:: img/sp20220614174721.png

Commit message:

update blynk & hide r4 burn frmw

docs/source/iot_project/blynk_start/iot_blynk_config.rst, after:

1.1 Configuring the Blynk
-----------------------------------


#. Go to the `BLYNK <https://blynk.io/>`_ and click **START FREE**. 

    .. image:: img/blynk_start_free.png

#. Fill in your email address to register an account.

    .. image:: img/sp220607_142807.png

#. Go to your email address to complete your account registration.

    .. image:: img/sp220607_142936.png

#. Afterwards, **Blynk Tour** will appear and you can read it to learn the basic information about the Blynk.

    .. image:: img/sp220607_143244.png

    .. note:: if not, please click the swim ring icon in the upper right corner.

        .. image:: img/blynk_start_help.png


#. Next we need to create a template and device with this **Quick Start**, click **Let's go**.


    .. image:: img/sp220607_143608.png

#. Select the hardware and connection type.

    .. image:: img/sp20220614173218.png

#. Here you are told which IDE you need to prepare, we recommend the **Arduino IDE**.

    .. image:: img/sp20220614173454.png

#. Here is the library you need to add, but the recommended library here is a bit problematic, we need to add other libraries manually (we will mention it later). Click **Next** here, and a new template and device will be created.

    .. image:: img/sp20220614173629.png

#. The next steps are to upload the relevant code and connect your board to Blynk, but since there is a problem with the library provided earlier, you need to add other libraries again. So click **Cancel** here to stop **Quick Start**.

    .. image:: img/sp20220614174006.png
